You have been assigned an emerging ecommerce company as a client. The business was launched in the North West, but in 2019 made a strategic decision to expand into other regions.  In April and May they had a "spring clean" sale, which was promoted nationally. Whilst in August, a similar budget for promotion was spent but targeted at the London (GL) and West Midlands (WM) regions. They have an established customer loyalty scheme, costing £5 a year, giving the customer free delivery and exclusive discounts, whilst providing  the company more customer specific data which they can use for targeted campaigns. They highly value loyalty customers as they believe they spend a greater amount per transaction.
The business migrated historical data over to a new CRM system at the end of February, and have been tracking orders in this system ever since.  There is some mistrust of the data within the organisation, and several users have expressed concern over its quality. They would like some assistance in better utilising this data and to make business decisions for the upcoming year. They are interested in understanding the trends through the previous year and if the 2 campaigns had an impact on sales. They are currently creating a strategy for the upcoming year and would like your recommendation on when and where to target this. They would also like any recommendations for any quick improvements they could make to the data quality.
The database has over 15,000 entries, your manager would like you to do an initial analysis of a random sampling of 500.  They have limited technical experience and would prefer a high level view of the data, lasting no longer than 15 minutes, in a PowerPoint presentation. You may use any additional tools of your choice.
